internal: Update documentation for emacs and split it for LSP-mode and Eglot (#14024)
rust-lang/rust-analyzer: docs/user/manual.adoc

=== Emacs

Prerequisites: You have installed the <<rust-analyzer-language-server-binary,`rust-analyzer` binary>>.

To use `rust-analyzer`, you need to install and enable one of the two popular two popular LSP client implementations for Emacs, https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot[Eglot] or https://github.com/emacs-lsp/lsp-mode[LSP Mode]. Both enable `rust-analyzer` by default in rust buffers if it is available.

==== Eglot

Eglot is the more minimalistic and lightweight LSP client for Emacs, integrates well with existing Emacs functionality and will be built into Emacs starting from release 29.

> After installing Eglot, e.g. via `M-x package-install` (not needed from Emacs29), you can enable it via the `M-x eglot` command or load it automatically in `rust-mode` via

Reviewer: Nit (unless it's actually supposed to be spelled like that):

```suggestion
After installing Eglot, e.g. via `M-x package-install` (not needed from Emacs 29), you can enable it via the `M-x eglot` command or load it automatically in `rust-mode` via
```

Author: Just checked that the Eglot manual writes it with a space too. I commited the suggestion via the github UI and then locally squashed via an interactive rebase and force-pushed then again. Not sure if that is good practice, usually I don't force-push on branches which are in an active PR, but I didn't know how to squash otherwise, except in the github merge button options.
